.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_led" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_get_led\fR \- Get the current state of the status LED.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBboolean fpui_get_led( int\fR \fIfd\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_led\fR(3ite) library call will return the boolean state
of the status LED. This status is maintained by the virtual terminal and is
exclusive for each application window. The underlying virtual terminal
handles updateing and controlling the actual Front Panel LED when the application
gains focus so this call will always return the state of the virtual terminals
virtual LED.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
\fBfpui_get_led\fR(3ite) will return \fBFALSE\fR if the LED is off, 
\fBTRUE\fR if the LED is on and \-1 if an error occurred, with \fIerrno\fR
set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBioctl\fR(2) for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine uses an \fBioctl\fR(2) interface to gather its information.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
On some system it may not be possible to distinguish between
the \-1 returned on error and the \fBTRUE\fR state.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBioctl\fR(2)

.bp
