.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_refresh" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_refresh\fR \- Refresh the Front Panel Display.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_refresh( int\fR \fIfd\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_refresh\fR(3ite) library call will clear the actual Front Panel Display
and redraw it according to the contents of the virtual terminal. This operation
has no effect if the calling applications window is not in focus.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR	is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open(3ite)\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBioctl(2)\fR for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine uses \fBioctl\fR(2) interface to perform this operation. 

The Front Panel hardware does not support this operation directly.
The inquiry is actually serviced by the virtual terminal which then
carries out the request.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBioctl\fR(2)
.bp
