.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_open" "3ite" "2006-07-25" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_open\fR \- open a terminal interface
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_open( const char *\fR \fIpathname\fR, \fBint\fR \fIflags\fR, \fBconst char *\fR \fIregname\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The
.B fpui_open()
library call is used to convert a \fIpathname\fR into a file descriptor
(a small, non\-negative integer for use in subsequent I/O as with
\fBread\fR(2), \fBwrite\fR(2), etc.).
When the call is successful, the file descriptor returned will be
the lowest file descriptor not currently open for the process.
The new file descriptor is set to remain open across exec functions
(see \fBfcntl\fR(2)).
The file offset is unused. 

The parameter
\fIflags\fR
is one of
\fBO_RDONLY\fR, \fBO_WRONLY\fR or \fBO_RDWR\fR
which request opening the file read\-only, write\-only or read/write,
respectively,
.RI bitwise\- or 'd
with zero or more of the following:
.br 
\fBO_DIRECT\fR \- Open in direct mode, bypassing the virtual terminal. 
Dtat is sent to the display only when the associated window is in focus.

In addition to opening the device, the identifier \fIregname\fR is used
to register the terminal with the Front Panel Manager. The name given
in \fIregname\fR will appear in the Front Panel Managers selection screen.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
\fBfpui_open\fR
returns the new file descriptor, or \-1 if an error occurred (in which case,
\fIerrno\fR is set appropriately).

Note that \fBfpui_open\fR can open device special files

.SH "ERRORS"
.TP 
\fBENXIO\fR
\fIpathname\fR
refers to a device special file and no corresponding device exists.

.TP 
\fBENOMEM\fR
Insufficient kernel memory was available.

See \fBopen\fR(2) for additional error codes.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine actually wraps an \fBopen\fR(2) 
call, and an \fBioctl\fR(2) call.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBopen\fR(2),
\fBioctl\fR(2),
\fBfpui_close\fR(3ite),
.bp
