.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_window_size" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_get_window_size\fR \- Get the current window size.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_get_window_size( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBint *\fR \fIrow\fR, \fBint *\fR \fIcolumn\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_window_size\fR(3ite) library call will return the current size of the actual
Front panel Display module to the application.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR		is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fIrow\fR		a reference of an integer where the number of rows will be stored.
.br 
\fIcolumn\fR	a reference of an integer where the number of columns will be stored.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
\fBfpui_get_window_size\fR(3ite) will return 0 (zero) upon success 
and \-1 upon error, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBioctl(2)\fR for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
Should the actual Front Panel Display be removed, \fBfpui_get_window_size\fR(3ite)
will return( 0, 0 ) as the current window size.

The Front Panel hardware does not support this operation directly.
The inquiry is actually serviced by the virtual terminal which maintains
this information.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBioctl\fR(2)
.bp
