.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_underline" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_get_underline\fR \- Get the state of underline mode.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBboolean fpui_get_underline( int\fR \fIfd\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_underline\fR(3ite) library call will return the
boolean state of underline mode for the character at the current cursor
position.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
\fBfpui_get_underline\fR(3ite) will return \fBTRUE\fR if underline mode
is currently active on the character at the current cursor position,
and \fBFALSE\fR if underline mode is not active. On error, \-1 will be
returned with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBioctl(2)\fR for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine uses \fBioctl\fR(2) interface to gather its information. 

The Front Panel hardware does not support this operation directly.
The inquiry is actually serviced by the virtual terminal which maintains
this information for every character on the screen.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
On some system it may not be possible to distinguish between
the \-1 returned on error and the \fBTRUE\fR state.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBioctl\fR(2),
\fBfpui_set_underline\fR(3ite),
.bp
