.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_window_attr" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
fpui_get_window_attr \- Get the current Window attributes.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_get_window_attr( int\fR \fIfd\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_window_attr\fR(3ite) library call will return a bit field encoding of the current
window attributes. The bitfields are encoded as follows:

.br 
	union {
.br 
		int			errcode;
.br 
		unsigned int	auto_wrap:1,
.br 
					auto_scroll:1,
.br 
					auto_repeat:1,
.br 
					backlight:1,
.br 
					:4,
.br 
					backlight_timeout:8,
.br 
					:16;
.br 
	}
.br 

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, \fBfpui_get_window_attr\fR(3ite) will return the current window attributes encoded as
discussed above. On error the field \fIerrcode\fR will be \-1 with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
\fBEINVAL\fR	The file descriptor, \fIfd\fR, is invalid.
.SH "NOTE"
This operation actually calls \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) with the
constant string "<ESC>[Bn"   
(0x1b 0x5b 0x42 0x60).
.br 
It expects a response of the form "<ESC>[\fIP1\fR;\fIP2\fR .. \fIP6\fRR"  
(0x1b 0x5b \fIP1\fR 0x3b \fIP2\fR .. \fIP6\fR 0x52)
where \fIP1\fR thru \fIP6\fR are the the attrubute states.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_read_string\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_get_auto_wrap\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_get_auto_scroll\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_get_auto_repeat\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_get_backlight\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_get_backlight_timeout\fR(3ite)
.bp
