.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_set_emergency" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_set_emergency\fR \- Set or Reset emergency mode for this application
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBboolean fpui_set_emergency( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBboolean\fR \fIstate\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_set_emergency\fR(3ite) library call will assert or negate
emergency mode for this applications window (when \fIstate\fR is \fBTRUE\fR). 
Emergency mode is indicated by having the backlight flash and the registered 
name of the application be displayed with both reverse video and character 
blink asserted. This mode is automatically cleared when the application 
achieves focus.  The application can also clear the mode by passing 
a \fBFALSE\fR \fIstate\fR to the call.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR 		is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fIstate\fR	the value to set emergency mode to.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBioctl\fR(2) for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine uses \fBioctl\fR(2) to access the emergency mode logic in the driver.
.br 
While each application can assert and negate its own emergency mode, the display will
continue to flash as long as any application has emergency mode asserted, The
registered name, however, will track the individual applications assertion or negation of 
emergency mode.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.06, September 5, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBioctl\fR(2)
.bp
