.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_reset_keymap" "3ite" "2006-08-02" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_reset_keymap\fR \- Reset and clear the entire keymap list.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_del_keymap( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBint\fR \fItype\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_reset_keymap\fR(3ite) library call is used to clear the entire keymap
or to reset it to a default mapping.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR	is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite)
.br 
\fItype\fR	when 0 removes all mappings
.br 
	when 1 removes all mappings and preloads default mappings.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, zero (0) is returned.  
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBfpui_write_string(3ite)\fR
.SH "NOTE"
None.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fpui_set_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_get_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_del_keymap (3ite),
.bp
