.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_set_window_attr" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
fpui_set_window_attr \- Set the current Window attributes.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_get_window_attr( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBunsigned int\fR \fIarg\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_set_window_attr\fR() library call will set the window attributes according
to the values passed by parameter \fIarg\fR. The bitfields of \fIarg\fR are encoded as follows:
.br 
	union {
.br 
		int			errcode;
.br 
		unsigned int	auto_wrap:1,
.br 
					auto_scroll:1,
.br 
					auto_repeat:1,
.br 
					backlight:1,
.br 
					:4,
.br 
					backlight_timeout:8,
.br 
					:16;
.br 
	}
.br 

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR	is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fIarg\fR	the integer representation of the union descriped above.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.

.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This call actually decodes the encoded bit fields and maked individual
call to set attributes as needed.
.br 
The \fIerrcode\fR field is unused in this operation.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_auto_wrap\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_auto_scroll\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_auto_repeat\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_backlight\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_backlight_timeout\fR(3ite)
.bp
