.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_keymap" "3ite" "2006-08-02" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_get_keymap\fR \- Get a keymap entry.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_del_keymap( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBint\fR \fIkey\fR, \fBchar *\fR \fIstr\fR, \fBint\fR \fIsize\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_keymap\fR(3ite) operation will return, in the arguement \fIstr\fR,
the escape sequence associated with the value of \fIkey\fR. If an entry corresponding
to the value of \fIkey\fR is not found, the first character in the \fIstr\fR array will be \fBNULL\fR.
The arguement \fIstr\fR will be \fBNULL\fR terminated if the size of \fIstr\fR is greater
than the size of the escape sequence plus 1 (for the \fBNULL\fR character). Otherwise the
escape sequence will be packed to the size of the \fIstr\fR array and left unterminated.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR	is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open(3ite)\fR.
.br 
\fIkey\fR	is the single byte code used to locate the keymap entry.
.br 
\fIstr\fR	a character array to return the escape sequence in.
.br 
\fIsize\fR	the size, in characters, of the string array \fIstr\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBfpui_write_string(3ite)\fR
.SH "NOTE"
There are no checks for duplicate \fIkey\fR values or escape sequences.
\fIKey\fR values are compared in the order they appear in the list.
New \fIkey\fR mappings are inserted in the first available slot in the list,
which may be a slot vacated by an earlier delete operation. This means
that the list may not be in the order mappings were added.
\fBfpui_get_keymap\fR(3ite)
will return the first occurence of the specified \fIkey\fR from the list. A second,
duplicate entry would not be accessable until the previous entry has been deleted.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fpui_set_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_del_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_reset_keymap (3ite),
.bp
