.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_set_backlight_timeout" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_set_backlight_timeout\fR \- Set the timeout value of the Backlight.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBboolean fpui_set_backlight( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBint\fR \fItimeout\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_set_backlight_timeout\fR() library call will set the backlight timeout value
for the window associated with the calling application. This value is used only when
the window remains in focus for a period longer than the timeout value. If this applications
window is not in focus (or looses focus), this value is stored but has no other effect.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR 		is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fItimeout\fR	number of seconds to keep the backlight illuminated.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This operation actually calls \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) with the
constant string "<ESC>[<\fIPn\fRS"   (0x1b 0x5b 0x3c \fIPn\fR 0x53).
.br 
Where \fIPn\fR is the number of seconds to keep the backlight illuminated.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfpui_get_backlight\fR(3ite)
\fBfpui_set_backlight\fR(3ite)
\fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite)
.bp
