.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_set_keymap" "3ite" "2006-08-02" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_set_keymap\fR \- define an escape sequence mapping
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_set_keymap( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBchar\fR \fIkey\fR, \fBchar *\fR \fIeseq\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_set_keymap\fR(3ite) library call is used to add an escape
sequence mapping to the calling processes virtual terminal.
When an escape sequence is received by the virtual terminal,
typically from the keypad, it is compared to the list of key mappings.
If a match is found, the entire escape sequence is replaced with the single \fIkey\fR character and
returned to the caller. Mappings only effect character strings moving
from the front panel hardware to the application in focus.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR		is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fIkey\fR		is the single byte code to be returned when the character sequence is found in the received character string.
.br 
\fIeseg\fR	is the escape sequence to be replaced.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, zero (0) is returned.  
On error, \-1 is returned, and errno is set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
\fBENOMEM\fR	More then 16 mappings are defined.

.SH "NOTE"
There are no checks for duplicate \fIkey\fR values or duplicate escape sequences.
Escape sequences are compared in the order they appear in the list.
New \fIkey\fR mappings are inserted in the first available slot in the list,
which may be a slot vacated by an earlier delete operation. This means
that the list may not be in the order mappings were added.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
None.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fpui_get_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_del_keymap (3ite),
.BR fpui_reset_keymap (3ite),
.bp
