.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_compose_special_char" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_compose_special_char\fR \- Define a special bit mapped character.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBint fpui_compose_special_char( int\fR \fIfd\fR, \fBint\fR \fIindex\fR, \fBunsigned char *\fR \fIbuf\fR )
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_compose_special_char\fR(3ite) library call will allow the
application to define a special bit mapped character which can be
referenced by \fIindex\fR. Each special character is 8 pixels by 8 pixels
and encoded in the referenced 8 byte array \fIbuf\fR.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR 		is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).
.br 
\fIindex\fR 	is the index of the character to be composed
.br 
\fIbuf\fR		is the reference to an 8 byte array containing the pixels.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success, 0 (zero) is returned.
On error, \-1 is returned, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
refer to \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This operation actually calls \fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite) with the
constant string "<ESC>P\fIP1\fR[\fIPn\fR;\fIPn\fR .. f"   (0x1b 0x50 \fIP1\fR 0x5b \fIPn\fR 3b \fIPn\fR .. 0x66) 
.br 
Where \fIP1\fR is the \fIindex\fR and \fIPn\fR are the 8 ASCII encoded decimal bytes that form the character bit map.
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
Only 8 special characters can be defined.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfpui_display_special_char\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite)
.bp
