.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\" 
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2006 by The Institute of Transportation Engineers;
.\" 
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" 
.TH "fpui_get_auto_repeat" "3ite" "2006-09-06" "Vanteon" "Library Calls"
.SH "NAME"
\fBfpui_get_auto_repeat\fR \- Get the auto repeat state.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.nf 
.B #include <fpui.h>

.sp
\fBboolean fpui_get_auto_repeat( int\fR \fIfd\fR \fB)\fR
.fi 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBfpui_get_auto_repeat\fR(3ite) library call will return the boolean 
state of auto repeat mode.

When auto repeat is enabled, all key strokes from the front panel will
repeat as long as the key is help depressed. When this mode is not
enables there will be only one key code sent per key press.

.br 
Parameters:
.br 
\fIfd\fR is the file descriptor returned by \fBfpui_open\fR(3ite).

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
\fBfpui_get_auto_repeat\fR(3ite) will return \fBFALSE\fR if auto 
repeat mode is off, \fBTRUE\fR if the mode is on, and \-1 if
an error occurred, with \fIerrno\fR set appropriately.
.SH "ERRORS"
.TP 
refer to \fBfpui_write_string(3ite)\fR for additional errors.
.SH "NOTE"
This routine actually wraps an \fBfpui_get_attributes(3ite)\fR call. 
.SH "CONFORMING TO"
ATC API SRS v02.05, August 11, 2006
.SH "RESTRICTIONS"
On some system it may not be possible to distinguish between
the \-1 returned on error and the \fBTRUE\fR state.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBfpui_get_attributes\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_auto_scroll\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_set_auto_wrap\fR(3ite),
\fBfpui_write_string\fR(3ite)
.bp
